README.md, before:

<a href="https://github.com/GoodbyteCo/Letterboxd-Watchlist-Picker">
  <img width="230" alt="Watchlist Picker Development" src="public/dev-logo.png">
</a>

<br><br><br>

# Letterboxd Watchlist Picker (Web App)

[[Frequently asked questions](#frequently-asked-questions)] [[Operational notes](#operational-notes)] [[Credits](#credits)]

A simple website that gives you a random film off your watchlist (or any list). The site is built with Vue, and deployed at [watchlistpicker.com](https://watchlistpicer.com) via Vercel. See also, the [Watchlist Picker backend](https://github.com/GoodbyteCo/Watchlist-Picker-Backend) and [CLI version](https://github.com/HoloPollock/watchlist-picker).

## Frequently asked questions

If you have a question that isn't listed below, send us an email at [support@goodbyte.ca](mailto:support@goodbyte.ca).

#### How do I get a film?
Enter your Letterboxd username into the search bar and click "search".

#### Why does it say nothing found?
If your account is set to private, your watchlist cannot be read. If your account is public, make sure your username is spelt correctly and that there are films in your watchlist. If you are using the Advanced Search options, make sure there are already-released movies in your list (released before the current year, and have a date).

#### Why does it give me unreleased movies?
By default, Watchlist Picker returns any film in your Letterboxd watchlist. To only see released films, click on "Advanced Search" (located right below the search bar), and check "Ignore unreleased". Note, as we can not actually see the exact date of release, all movies released within the current year are also excluded.

#### How do I get a film from a list?
Enter the username of the list creator, followed by a <kbd>/</kbd> and the list title. For example, you would search through [this list](https://letterboxd.com/jack/list/its-someones-favorite-movie/), by entering: `jack/its-someones-favorite-movie` ([see it in action on Watchlist Picker](https://watchlistpicker.com/?u=jack/its-someones-favorite-movie)). If you want to just copy the text straight out of the URL, `jack/list/its-someones-favorite-movie` will work too.
	
#### How do I search multiple lists at once?
Enter all of the lists and usernames into the search bar, separated by a space or comma.

#### How do I only show films that are on all of the lists?
By default, the lists are combined into a giant pool of movies. To get only movies that appear on all of the lists you've entered (the intersection), click on "Advanced Search" (located right below the search bar), and change "Union" to "Intersection".

#### Why does it say the intersection between the lists is empty?
There was not a single movie that appeared on every single one of the lists you entered. If you are certain there should be, make sure all of the lists and usernames are spelt correctly.

#### Why does it keep loading a new movie when I refresh the page?
The URL of the page contains your search criteria, so you can easily bookmark your searches or share with friends. To reset it, simply click on the logo.

#### How do I turn on dark-mode?
Click on the toggle switch in the top right corner.

#### How do I turn off dark-mode?
Click on the toggle switch in the top right corner.

#### Why is the logo spinning?
It's like the Letterboxd logo, but a slot machine.

#### Why is the loading bar stuck?
The site may have lost connection to the API, or it's just taking longer to search through the list than anticipated (often the really big lists can take a minute or two). Try opening the site again in a new tab.

#### How can I support the site?
If you wish to help cover operational costs, we have a [ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/goodbyte).

#### I'm having trouble using the site.
If at any point you have issues using the website, please do not hesitate to contact us at [support@goodbyte.ca](mailto:support@goodbyte.ca).


## Operational notes

[[Building locally](#building-locally)] [[So where are things?](#so-where-are-things)]

> Note: please do **not** push any commits to the `main` branch. Instead, create a new branch, build it locally, and then create a pull request. Once the PR has been tested in Preview (and approved by another member) you can merge it into `main`.

### Building locally

The API uses Vercel functions so you can use `vercel dev` to test however this requires a [Vercel](https://vercel.com) account. To test without the films propagating (everything will work, just the picture of the film will not fill in), run:

```
npm run serve
```

### So where are things?

- **Backend:** the actual backend the site communicates with is located in the `api/` directory, and deployed alongside the rest of the app.
- **Frontend:** while the footer and dark-mode toggle have there own components, most of the action happens in the `src/components/Film.vue` file (the logo, the search bar, the advanced search controls, the loading bar, and the film response). Note that the CSS is divided up between the `Film.vue`, `Footer.vue`, `DarkmodeToggle.vue`, and `App.vue` files, stored at the bottom of each file (with the `scoped` attribute turned on).
- **Assets:** the favicons and occasional image are located in the `Public/` directory, while the actual on-site logo is located in `Film.vue` as an svg. Watchlist Picker does not import any custom typefaces.

## Credits

Watchlist Picker is a [Goodbyte](https://github.com/GoodbyteCo) project. Development by [Quinn Pollock](https://github.com/HoloPollock) and [Jack Guinane](https://github.com/qjack001). Many thanks to Letterboxd for letting us scrape their website.

Commit message:

Add actor support (#75)
* Update index.go

* add actor resize

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

<a href="https://github.com/GoodbyteCo/Letterboxd-Watchlist-Picker">
  <img width="230" alt="Watchlist Picker Development" src="public/dev-logo.png">
</a>

<br><br><br>

# Letterboxd Watchlist Picker (Web App)

[[Frequently asked questions](#frequently-asked-questions)] [[Operational notes](#operational-notes)] [[Credits](#credits)]

A simple website that gives you a random film off your watchlist (or any list). The site is built with Vue, and deployed at [watchlistpicker.com](https://watchlistpicer.com) via Vercel. See also, the [Watchlist Picker backend](https://github.com/GoodbyteCo/Watchlist-Picker-Backend) and [CLI version](https://github.com/HoloPollock/watchlist-picker).

## Frequently asked questions

If you have a question that isn't listed below, send us an email at [support@goodbyte.ca](mailto:support@goodbyte.ca).

#### How do I get a film?
Enter your Letterboxd username into the search bar and click "search".

#### Why does it say nothing found?
If your account is set to private, your watchlist cannot be read. If your account is public, make sure your username is spelt correctly and that there are films in your watchlist. If you are using the Advanced Search options, make sure there are already-released movies in your list (released before the current year, and have a date).

#### Why does it give me unreleased movies?
By default, Watchlist Picker returns any film in your Letterboxd watchlist. To only see released films, click on "Advanced Search" (located right below the search bar), and check "Ignore unreleased". Note, as we can not actually see the exact date of release, all movies released within the current year are also excluded.

#### How do I get a film from a list?
Enter the username of the list creator, followed by a <kbd>/</kbd> and the list title. For example, you would search through [this list](https://letterboxd.com/jack/list/its-someones-favorite-movie/), by entering: `jack/its-someones-favorite-movie` ([see it in action on Watchlist Picker](https://watchlistpicker.com/?u=jack/its-someones-favorite-movie)). If you want to just copy the text straight out of the URL, `jack/list/its-someones-favorite-movie` will work too.

#### Can I get an actors films?
Yes you can if you want a random film from an `actor` you can enter actor followed by a <kbd>/</kbd> then the actors slug. So for example if you wanted brad pitt you would enter `actor/brad-pitt`
	
#### How do I search multiple lists at once?
Enter all of the lists and usernames into the search bar, separated by a space or comma.

#### How do I only show films that are on all of the lists?
By default, the lists are combined into a giant pool of movies. To get only movies that appear on all of the lists you've entered (the intersection), click on "Advanced Search" (located right below the search bar), and change "Union" to "Intersection".

#### Why does it say the intersection between the lists is empty?
There was not a single movie that appeared on every single one of the lists you entered. If you are certain there should be, make sure all of the lists and usernames are spelt correctly.

#### Why does it keep loading a new movie when I refresh the page?
The URL of the page contains your search criteria, so you can easily bookmark your searches or share with friends. To reset it, simply click on the logo.

#### How do I turn on dark-mode?
Click on the toggle switch in the top right corner.

#### How do I turn off dark-mode?
Click on the toggle switch in the top right corner.

#### Why is the logo spinning?
It's like the Letterboxd logo, but a slot machine.

#### Why is the loading bar stuck?
The site may have lost connection to the API, or it's just taking longer to search through the list than anticipated (often the really big lists can take a minute or two). Try opening the site again in a new tab.

#### How can I support the site?
If you wish to help cover operational costs, we have a [ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/goodbyte).

#### I'm having trouble using the site.
If at any point you have issues using the website, please do not hesitate to contact us at [support@goodbyte.ca](mailto:support@goodbyte.ca).


## Operational notes

[[Building locally](#building-locally)] [[So where are things?](#so-where-are-things)]

> Note: please do **not** push any commits to the `main` branch. Instead, create a new branch, build it locally, and then create a pull request. Once the PR has been tested in Preview (and approved by another member) you can merge it into `main`.

### Building locally

The API uses Vercel functions so you can use `vercel dev` to test however this requires a [Vercel](https://vercel.com) account. To test without the films propagating (everything will work, just the picture of the film will not fill in), run:

```
npm run serve
```

### So where are things?

- **Backend:** the actual backend the site communicates with is located in the `api/` directory, and deployed alongside the rest of the app.
- **Frontend:** while the footer and dark-mode toggle have there own components, most of the action happens in the `src/components/Film.vue` file (the logo, the search bar, the advanced search controls, the loading bar, and the film response). Note that the CSS is divided up between the `Film.vue`, `Footer.vue`, `DarkmodeToggle.vue`, and `App.vue` files, stored at the bottom of each file (with the `scoped` attribute turned on).
- **Assets:** the favicons and occasional image are located in the `Public/` directory, while the actual on-site logo is located in `Film.vue` as an svg. Watchlist Picker does not import any custom typefaces.

## Credits

Watchlist Picker is a [Goodbyte](https://github.com/GoodbyteCo) project. Development by [Quinn Pollock](https://github.com/HoloPollock) and [Jack Guinane](https://github.com/qjack001). Many thanks to Letterboxd for letting us scrape their website.
